<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azurerm-gkvm-res-trafficcontroller

Terraform module to deploy Azure Application Gateway for Containers (Traffic Controller) using the AzAPI provider.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.11)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.5)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.0)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.associations](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.frontends](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.lock](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.role_assignments](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.security_policies](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.traffic_controller](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: The Azure region where the Application Gateway for Containers (Traffic Controller) will be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the Application Gateway for Containers (Traffic Controller).

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the resource group in which to create the Application Gateway for Containers.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_api_version"></a> [api\_version](#input\_api\_version)

Description: The API version to use for the Microsoft.ServiceNetworking resource provider.

Type: `string`

Default: `"2025-01-01"`

### <a name="input_associations"></a> [associations](#input\_associations)

Description: A map of subnet associations for the Application Gateway for Containers.

- `name` - (Required) The name of the subnet association.
- `subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of the subnet to associate. The subnet must be delegated to `Microsoft.ServiceNetworking/trafficControllers`.
- `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the association resource.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name      = string
    subnet_id = string
    tags      = optional(map(string), null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_frontends"></a> [frontends](#input\_frontends)

Description: A map of frontends for the Application Gateway for Containers.

- `name` - (Required) The name of the frontend.
- `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the frontend resource.
- `security_policy_configurations` - (Optional) Security policy configuration for this frontend.
  - `ip_access_rules_security_policy_id` - (Optional) Resource ID of an IP Access Rules security policy.
  - `waf_security_policy_id` - (Optional) Resource ID of a WAF security policy.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name = string
    tags = optional(map(string), null)
    security_policy_configurations = optional(object({
      ip_access_rules_security_policy_id = optional(string)
      waf_security_policy_id             = optional(string)
    }))
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_lock"></a> [lock](#input\_lock)

Description: Controls the Resource Lock configuration for this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `"CanNotDelete"` and `"ReadOnly"`.
- `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    kind = string
    name = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_managed_identities"></a> [managed\_identities](#input\_managed\_identities)

Description: Managed identity configuration. Currently used by the AVM interfaces module for role assignment scope resolution.

- `system_assigned` - (Optional) Whether to enable system-assigned managed identity. Defaults to `false`.
- `user_assigned_resource_ids` - (Optional) A set of user-assigned managed identity resource IDs.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    system_assigned            = optional(bool, false)
    user_assigned_resource_ids = optional(set(string), [])
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_role_assignments"></a> [role\_assignments](#input\_role\_assignments)

Description: A map of role assignments to create on the Application Gateway for Containers. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `role_definition_id_or_name` - The ID or name of the role definition to assign to the principal.
- `principal_id` - The ID of the principal to assign the role to.
- `description` - (Optional) The description of the role assignment.
- `skip_service_principal_aad_check` - (Optional) If set to true, skips the Azure Active Directory check for the service principal in the tenant. Defaults to false.
- `condition` - (Optional) The condition which will be used to scope the role assignment.
- `condition_version` - (Optional) The version of the condition syntax. Leave as `null` if you are not using a condition, if you are then valid values are '2.0'.
- `delegated_managed_identity_resource_id` - (Optional) The delegated Azure Resource Id which contains a Managed Identity.
- `principal_type` - (Optional) The type of the `principal_id`. Possible values are `User`, `Group` and `ServicePrincipal`.

> Note: only set `skip_service_principal_aad_check` to true if you are assigning a role to a service principal.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    role_definition_id_or_name             = string
    principal_id                           = string
    description                            = optional(string, null)
    skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
    condition                              = optional(string, null)
    condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
    delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_security_policies"></a> [security\_policies](#input\_security\_policies)

Description: A map of security policies to create as sub-resources of the Application Gateway for Containers.

- `name` - (Required) The name of the security policy.
- `policy_type` - (Required) The type of security policy. Possible values are `"waf"`.
- `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the security policy resource.
- `waf_policy` - (Optional) WAF policy configuration. Required when `policy_type` is `"waf"`.
  - `id` - (Required) The resource ID of the WAF policy to associate.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name        = string
    policy_type = string
    tags        = optional(map(string), null)
    waf_policy = optional(object({
      id = string
    }))
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_security_policy_configurations"></a> [security\_policy\_configurations](#input\_security\_policy\_configurations)

Description: Security policy configuration for the Traffic Controller.

- `ip_access_rules_security_policy_id` - (Optional) Resource ID of an IP Access Rules security policy to attach to the traffic controller.
- `waf_security_policy_id` - (Optional) Resource ID of a WAF security policy to attach to the traffic controller.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    ip_access_rules_security_policy_id = optional(string)
    waf_security_policy_id             = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: A mapping of tags to assign to the Traffic Controller resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description: Timeouts for resource operations.

- `create` - (Optional) Timeout for creating the resource. Defaults to `30m`.
- `delete` - (Optional) Timeout for deleting the resource. Defaults to `30m`.
- `read` - (Optional) Timeout for reading the resource. Defaults to `5m`.
- `update` - (Optional) Timeout for updating the resource. Defaults to `30m`.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string, "30m")
    delete = optional(string, "30m")
    read   = optional(string, "5m")
    update = optional(string, "30m")
  })
```

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_associations"></a> [associations](#output\_associations)

Description: The subnet associations created for the Application Gateway for Containers.

### <a name="output_frontends"></a> [frontends](#output\_frontends)

Description: The frontends created for the Application Gateway for Containers.

### <a name="output_location"></a> [location](#output\_location)

Description: The location of the Application Gateway for Containers.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the Application Gateway for Containers.

### <a name="output_primary_configuration_endpoint"></a> [primary\_configuration\_endpoint](#output\_primary\_configuration\_endpoint)

Description: The primary configuration endpoint of the Application Gateway for Containers.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: The full Application Gateway for Containers resource object.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The ID of the Application Gateway for Containers (Traffic Controller).

### <a name="output_security_policies"></a> [security\_policies](#output\_security\_policies)

Description: The security policies created for the Application Gateway for Containers.

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_avm_interfaces"></a> [avm\_interfaces](#module\_avm\_interfaces)

Source: Azure/avm-utl-interfaces/azure

Version: 0.5.0

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->